6/9/25 Colton - Updated everything here with what I have, sorry Ryan I had to mess with your intro code lol but now the rooms transition without the nesting error for the functions and I swapped it to the number input as you wanted.
  it should be pretty straight forward with importing your code, just follow the examples in the test build, but if you have any questions just communicate here or via email. I still need to finish fleshing out the music room and the
  library but its in a workable state at the moment! Feel free to run the test build and give any thoughts on how it's laid out.

6/10/25

Grace-I mostly completed the dining table. You guys are more than welcome to test it out. I still need to add some descriptions, but the actual functions work perfect.
I'm going to need assistance with some of the debugging, especially with int main(). Also, my descriptions don't pop up when i do the dining room by itself, 
so i don't know if it will with the rest of the game. 

6/11/25 Colton - Code looks good to me! I see what you mean by the issue with int main() and I think it'll just be a quick matter of changing the code so that it matches the templates of the other rooms. Your code uses int main which
  works if it was just that room in the coding enviornment, but int main is actually used all the way back up at the start of the code and then we call the rooms via functions declared so I think all I'll need to do is just condense your
  code into a single function and then add the movement options and it should be good. I'll adjust it later tonight and let you know! Pretty sure this is the same way that me and Ryan tried to do it originally but it ended up getting 
  messy and the functions started to break and not display things properly, the new movement code we're using is a bit extra specific so it can be a little confusing.

6/11/25-Grace: I fixed my code. It did not take 20 minutes, but I was able to fix it and make it alot better. You guys are free to fuss with my code as needed. I did fix all of my clang tidy and any error messages. 
So we should be good on my end for the functions working. Side note: for the music note, I didn't put what music note the player gets, but there are some pop messages the player gets completes the puzzle. You should be able to add the specifc 
music note the player gets into those messages with no problem.

6/13/25 Wata- I've finished integrating my code with the main code and I'm going to start working on slides. I'm very tired right now, I haven't been able to test everything, I just know that my code doesn't blow up the whole program
and seems to cooperate with it quite well. I also created another file called testbuild deluxe with my code integrated into it.

